hoosing a higher education path is always hard.  - 48 symbols
You need to make sure that you study something you like, and you really want to make a career in this field. - 108 symbols
I am going to tell you about my university, and why I chose it.	 - 64 symbols
Right now, I am studying Business Administration and Management program at the faculty of Economics. - 100 symbols
It lasts for 3 years, and when I finish it I will get a bachelor’s degree. - 76 symbols
After that, I am planning to apply for a master’s degree which is 2 more years. - 81 symbols
I study for this degree at the University of Pecs. - 50 symbols
It is a huge University with many campuses and dormitories. - 59 symbols
I am not a freshman; I am a sophomore. - 38 symbols
That is why I already know a lot of things about higher education. - 66 symbols
At the beginning of each semester, you have to enroll in your course. - 69 symbols
After that you register for the compulsory and optional subjects. - 65 symbols
You can choose from a great number of elective courses. - 55 symbols
You can do absolutely anything from yoga to programming If you choose to. - 73 symbols
After you finish your studies, you can calculate your GPA, it is the average of your marks during the semester. - 111 symbols
If you have it above 4, you can apply for different scholarships and grants. - 76 symbols
Studying at the university is so much fun because you meet a lot of unique people. - 82 symbols
But do not think it is easy. - 28 symbols
Only the best graduates receive jobs at international companies, so take your time and study hard. - 98 symbols
During your education, it is a good idea to apply for different internships to get some valuable experience. - 108 symbols
Overall, university is a nice place to be in, and I hope you will get to your dream university, and after that you will get your dream job. - 139 symbols
I was born in Nizhny Novgorod. - 30 symbols
It is my hometown. - 18 symbols
I have been living here all my life. - 36 symbols
Let me tell you more about it. - 30 symbols
It is a very lively place, located in Central Russia. - 53 symbols
The city was founded in 1221. - 29 symbols
Back then it used to be a major trading hub. - 44 symbols
People from all over the country came to Nizhny Novgorod to buy and sell goods. - 79 symbols
Now it has a population of one million and five hundred thousand citizens, it is the 6th biggest city in Russia. - 112 symbols
Nowadays it is a large city with a big city center and suburbs. - 63 symbols
A lot of companies have their headquarters in Nizhny Novgorod. - 62 symbols
It is one of the biggest economic centers in Russia. - 52 symbols
Of course, each city has its advantages and disadvantages. - 58 symbols
Let’s start with the advantages. - 34 symbols
There are many means of transportation in Nizhny Novgorod. - 58 symbols
You can travel by bus, by trolley, you can even take the underground. - 69 symbols
Also, Nizhny Novgorod has an advantageous geographical location because it is located between two major cities – Moscow and Kazan. - 132 symbols
However, there are also some disadvantages. - 43 symbols
First of all, it is very dirty and noisy because of traffic jams. - 65 symbols
Second, it hasn’t got a lot of public areas, such as parks, where you can spend your time with friends. - 105 symbols
Third, life here is pretty expensive, and the prices of houses and apartments are quite high. - 93 symbols
In conclusion, I would like to say that despite all the disadvantages I like my city because I was born there and have a lot of good memories of it. - 148 symbols
