hoosing a higher education path is always hard. 
You need to make sure that you study something you like, and you really want to make a career in this field.
I am going to tell you about my university, and why I chose it.	
Right now, I am studying Business Administration and Management program at the faculty of Economics.
It lasts for 3 years, and when I finish it I will get a bachelor’s degree.
After that, I am planning to apply for a master’s degree which is 2 more years.
I study for this degree at the University of Pecs.
It is a huge University with many campuses and dormitories.
I am not a freshman; I am a sophomore.
That is why I already know a lot of things about higher education.
At the beginning of each semester, you have to enroll in your course.
After that you register for the compulsory and optional subjects.
You can choose from a great number of elective courses.
You can do absolutely anything from yoga to programming If you choose to.
After you finish your studies, you can calculate your GPA, it is the average of your marks during the semester.
If you have it above 4, you can apply for different scholarships and grants.
Studying at the university is so much fun because you meet a lot of unique people.
But do not think it is easy.
Only the best graduates receive jobs at international companies, so take your time and study hard.
During your education, it is a good idea to apply for different internships to get some valuable experience.
Overall, university is a nice place to be in, and I hope you will get to your dream university, and after that you will get your dream job.
I was born in Nizhny Novgorod.
It is my hometown.
I have been living here all my life.
Let me tell you more about it.
It is a very lively place, located in Central Russia.
The city was founded in 1221.
Back then it used to be a major trading hub.
People from all over the country came to Nizhny Novgorod to buy and sell goods.
Now it has a population of one million and five hundred thousand citizens, it is the 6th biggest city in Russia.
Nowadays it is a large city with a big city center and suburbs.
A lot of companies have their headquarters in Nizhny Novgorod.
It is one of the biggest economic centers in Russia.
Of course, each city has its advantages and disadvantages.
Let’s start with the advantages.
There are many means of transportation in Nizhny Novgorod.
You can travel by bus, by trolley, you can even take the underground.
Also, Nizhny Novgorod has an advantageous geographical location because it is located between two major cities – Moscow and Kazan.
However, there are also some disadvantages.
First of all, it is very dirty and noisy because of traffic jams.
Second, it hasn’t got a lot of public areas, such as parks, where you can spend your time with friends.
Third, life here is pretty expensive, and the prices of houses and apartments are quite high.
In conclusion, I would like to say that despite all the disadvantages I like my city because I was born there and have a lot of good memories of it.